portfolio.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

<link rel="icon" href="Logo.ico" type="image/x-icon"/>
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com">
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Jura:wght@300&display=swap" rel="stylesheet"> 
## Alex Lueck - Game Design Demo Reel

<div align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2gdbhwo8zW4" frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

## <u>Credits:</u>
<b>Jackbox Games</b> - Jackbox Party Pack 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 / Quiplash 2: InterLASHional / The Jackbox Party Starter

- Title: <b>Senior Quality Assurance Analyst</b>
- Bug Logging/Tracking 
- Regression/Certification/Smoke/Spot testing on a wide range of devices and consoles
- Technical customer service
- Document creation and maintenece
- Writing and maintaining test plans
- QA liasion between game team and rest of QA
- Hiring manager
- Designer
- Mentor others in essential QA responsibilities

<b>EA Sports</b> - Madden 19 & 20

- Title: <b>Designer</b>
- Maintaining and balancing the core and meta-game documentation
- Creating and prototyping gameplay features
- Gameplay tuning
- Created the 'Off-ball injury banner' feature
- Led "Play-Now-Live" feature for Madden 19

<b>Digital Dreams Entertainment</b> - Mutant Football League

- Title: <b>Designer</b>
- Creation of Teams/Players/Plays/Playbooks
- Update and maintenance of Teams and Players during the offseason 
- Balancing / Tuning player ratings

<b>ARX</b> - Full Throttle

- Title: <b>Designer</b>
- Conceptualization and creation of UI
- Level Designer
- GDD documentation creation 

## <u>Skills:</u>
<b>Programming Languages:</b>
- HTML / CSS
- C#
- C++

<b>Technological Toolset:</b>
- Microsoft Office
- Tortoise SVN / Git / P4
- Confluence / Slack / Skype
- Hansoft / JIRA / DevTrack
- Adobe Photoshop / Illustrator
- Unity 3D / Unreal Engine / Frostbite
- Maya

<b>Professional Experience:</b>
- 8+ years in the industry
- Game Design experience 
- Quality assurance experience
- Senior QA experience
- AAA development experience
- Indie development experience
- Hiring Manager experience
- Agile & Scrum development 
- Technical customer support

## <u>Education:</u>
<b>Columbia College Chicago</b> - Bachelors of Arts (2015)
- Game Design / Game Development

## <u>Work Samples</u>
<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/AlexLueckWorkSamples.jpg" alt="Samples of some of my work" style="width:1750px;height:200px;vertical-align: middle">

### <b><u>Dym</u></b>
<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/Dym-Gif-Pt1-OPTIMZED.gif" alt="A gif showing off the level design of Dym" style="width:500px;height:200px;vertical-align: left">

- Dym was an original concept that I came up then merged with another idea in college.
- I had the privilege of leading a small team of people from various disciplines into developing a vertical slice of the game.
- Over the course of 15 weeks we concepted the idea and built the entire verticle slice from scratch.
- Part of our concepting including making a GDD explaining all of the facets of the game. Its a bit of out scope, but what do you expect from college students. 
- <a href="http://callmezyos.github.io/images/Dym_GDD.pdf" rel="nofollow noopener">Take a gander at the Dym GDD!</a>
<div align="center"><blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/COXTqrT"  ><a href="//imgur.com/a/COXTqrT">Dym - Dym / Slug /Hover Slug Models</a></blockquote><script async src="//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>

<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/Dym-Gif-Pt2-OPTIMZED.gif" alt="A gif showing off the level design of Dym" style="width:500px;height:200px;vertical-align: right">

## <b><u><a href="http://callmezyos.github.io/images/Alex.Lueck.pdf" rel="nofollow noopener">View & download my resume</a></u></b>

Commit message:

Added Skull Kid and Charred Alive sections
First attempt at adding the other sections in my portfolio

portfolio.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
---

<link rel="icon" href="Logo.ico" type="image/x-icon"/>
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com">
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Jura:wght@300&display=swap" rel="stylesheet"> 
## Alex Lueck - Game Design Demo Reel

<div align="center"><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2gdbhwo8zW4" frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

## <u>Credits:</u>
<b>Jackbox Games</b> - Jackbox Party Pack 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 / Quiplash 2: InterLASHional / The Jackbox Party Starter

- Title: <b>Senior Quality Assurance Analyst</b>
- Bug Logging/Tracking 
- Regression/Certification/Smoke/Spot testing on a wide range of devices and consoles
- Technical customer service
- Document creation and maintenece
- Writing and maintaining test plans
- QA liasion between game team and rest of QA
- Hiring manager
- Designer
- Mentor others in essential QA responsibilities

<b>EA Sports</b> - Madden 19 & 20

- Title: <b>Designer</b>
- Maintaining and balancing the core and meta-game documentation
- Creating and prototyping gameplay features
- Gameplay tuning
- Created the 'Off-ball injury banner' feature
- Led "Play-Now-Live" feature for Madden 19

<b>Digital Dreams Entertainment</b> - Mutant Football League

- Title: <b>Designer</b>
- Creation of Teams/Players/Plays/Playbooks
- Update and maintenance of Teams and Players during the offseason 
- Balancing / Tuning player ratings

<b>ARX</b> - Full Throttle

- Title: <b>Designer</b>
- Conceptualization and creation of UI
- Level Designer
- GDD documentation creation 

## <u>Skills:</u>
<b>Programming Languages:</b>
- HTML / CSS
- C#
- C++

<b>Technological Toolset:</b>
- Microsoft Office
- Tortoise SVN / Git / P4
- Confluence / Slack / Skype
- Hansoft / JIRA / DevTrack
- Adobe Photoshop / Illustrator
- Unity 3D / Unreal Engine / Frostbite
- Maya

<b>Professional Experience:</b>
- 8+ years in the industry
- Game Design experience 
- Quality assurance experience
- Senior QA experience
- AAA development experience
- Indie development experience
- Hiring Manager experience
- Agile & Scrum development 
- Technical customer support

## <u>Education:</u>
<b>Columbia College Chicago</b> - Bachelors of Arts (2015)
- Game Design / Game Development

## <u>Work Samples</u>
<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/AlexLueckWorkSamples.jpg" alt="Samples of some of my work" style="width:1750px;height:200px;vertical-align: middle">

### <b><u>Dym</u></b>
<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/Dym-Gif-Pt1-OPTIMZED.gif" alt="A gif showing off the level design of Dym" style="width:500px;height:200px;vertical-align: left">

- Dym was an original concept that I came up then merged with another idea in college.
- I had the privilege of leading a small team of people from various disciplines into developing a vertical slice of the game.
- Over the course of 15 weeks we concepted the idea and built the entire verticle slice from scratch.
- Part of our concepting including making a GDD explaining all of the facets of the game. Its a bit of out scope, but what do you expect from college students. 
- <a href="http://callmezyos.github.io/images/Dym_GDD.pdf" rel="nofollow noopener">Take a gander at the Dym GDD!</a>
<div align="center"><blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/COXTqrT"  ><a href="//imgur.com/a/COXTqrT">Dym - Dym / Slug /Hover Slug Models</a></blockquote><script async src="//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>

<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/Dym-Gif-Pt2-OPTIMZED.gif" alt="A gif showing off the level design of Dym" style="width:500px;height:200px;vertical-align: right">

### <b><u>The Skull Kid</u></b>
<img src="http://Callmezyos.github.io/images/SkullKid-Optimized.gif" alt="A gif showing off the Skull Kid level" style="width:500px;height:200px;vertical-align: right">
- The Skull Kid was a college project in which a small team just a made a vertical slice of on original concept in a few weeks.
- The Skull Kid takes place in the world of The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask but from the view of the Skull Kid
- For this project I was the Level Designer

### <b><u>Charred Alive</b></u>
<div align="center"><blockquote class="imgur-embed-pub" lang="en" data-id="a/90tvLY6"  ><a href="//imgur.com/a/90tvLY6">Charred Alive - Simulation and Serious Games Level</a></blockquote><script async src="//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
- Charred Alive was one of the first college projects I worked on (you can tell by the level design lol)
- Was designed for a Simulation and Serious games class with the intention of teaching people about fire safety

## <b><u><a href="http://callmezyos.github.io/images/Alex.Lueck.pdf" rel="nofollow noopener">View & download my resume</a></u></b>
