---
layout: post
title: Im Back!
---

##"O Brother Where Art Thou?"
I has been quite a long time since I posted last, it's weird to think how much things have
changed in only just a few months.

One of the biggest things to happen was that a possible job opportunity was lost all due
to poor communication. Keeping it brief, our (a partner and I) inital offer was too high,
after some time we made a second offer, and again stil too high. Then by the time terms
were made clear another team was found to do the job.

But as one door closed, another opened, well opened a little further. The game that I have
been helping out on, Mutant Football League, has started to gain some serious hype. A kickstarter
was started a while back with a goal set at 60k. Last time I checked it was at 103k, which is 
unbelievable to be making that much money on stretch goals. If the kickstarter didn't give me 
enough of a "fuzzy feeling," then watching the game getting streamed on Twitch with viewers in 
the thousands and a chat blowing up with excitement everytime they witnessed a glorious and bloody
death. It was all kinda humbling in a way but also super exhilarating. As the kickstarter deadline
gets closer and closer, I can't help but feel my anticipatio and excitement rising. As far as 
professional things go, thats basically everything.

Creatively however, we have begun to branch out. After months of stagnation on my website
I finally decided to edit a bit more and I have to say I am pretty happy with the way
that things are turning out. My amatuer status as a programmer has given my a few difficulties
but for the most part I was able to figure them all out. It's still a work in progress but 
so far i'm digging it.

On a sidenote, my main external harddrive went down. To make matters even worse it was the 
harddrive containing the sourcecode for my website, a lot of my works from college, and some
other personal business things are all stuck on the drive until I can get it looked at.

Finally, I have updated my Twitch profile to look more offical in the hopes that it will
inspire me to stream more. In which case, so far it has, but currently I am only limited to
streaming games from my PC. Don't get me wrong there is nothing wrong with PC gaming, it's 
just been a slight dream of mine to stream my xbox gameplay. So in the spirit of that, I have
decided that within the next few weeks I will be purchasing a capture card. Needless to say
im pretty stoked on where things are going.

I will talk to you all soon again, Peace!

-AZL
