---
layout: post
title: Goodbye 2020
---
There's no questioning that globally 2020 was a year for the ages. A LOT happened, but I gotta say that personally I thrived in 2020,
which is weird to me, all things considered. I got to admit it almost feels slightly guilty to have had a good year.

This year I:
- Thrived at my job and really took some big strides separating myself from the other potential applicants
- Earned an extention and bonuses with a company that cares about its employees and its contractors
- Got financially in order
- Returned to therapy and took steps towards improving my mental state 
- Bought my first car
- Got made affiliate on Twitch
- Was able to upgrade a lot of my computer equipment

Most people that know me, know that the last few years have been pretty rough. So last December 31st I made a resolution and for once
I was able to pull it off and I stuck with it. I'm honestly quite impressed with myself that I managed to stick with it and not lose
focus when the pandemic started. Actually, all the extra time at home and no more distractions from the outside really allowed me to
buckle down and get a lot of things done.

So as 2020 finally ends (Yeah I know im writing this a few days after the new year) and 2021 starts planting its roots. My goals for
the new year are nothing drastic, just to simply continue what I have been doing. Why fix a problem that doesn't quite exist. Honestly,
the only thing that I would like to do is refine my routine more to allow me to attempt to do even more. 

While I bode farewell to 2020, I look to 2021 as everyone else does. Happy for the change and excited for whats to come. Hungry for more.
